[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Saqqara, situated roughly
22 miles South of Giza.
This Southern region
of the pyramid field
has long been known as a
major piece of the Memphite
Necropolis, and
is a royal burial
ground for several
Egyptian kings dating back
to the first dynasty.
As the dilapidating pyramids
and mastabas protrude
above the sacred
sands of Saqqara,
the true power and
purpose of this region
has puzzled alternative
and mainstream researchers.
As more relics
are revealed, what
lies beneath the
sands of Saqqara
offers a glimpse into a
potential pre-diluvian
underworld that defies
all understanding.
>> If you were to pick a
particular dot of real estate
on the planet, this
massive planet that we live
on, let's pick a dot that is
the strangest, most enigmatic,
most powerful, you're talking
about the West Bank of the Nile
near Cairo, present day Cairo.
Encompassing the
Great Pyramid complex,
encompassing Dahshur,
the pyramid of Djoser
at Saqqara, Abusir, Abu Gorab,
this massive field of energy
and focused intention that we
can't even duplicate today.
And you have to ask,
why was it built?
Who built it?
What is going on here?
And as I look at it, the
answer has to involve Orion.
It has to involve
Resurrection, and ultimately it
likely involves the Earth
itself and this concept
of the Earth as a generator
of resonance in Earth energy.
>> Arguably the biggest and
most important cemetery,
military area, and necropolis
is that of Saqqara,
which served
specifically Memphis.
In fact, they're both on
exactly the same latitude.
So Saqqara is where
the demarcation
is between North and South
Egypt or Upper and Lower Egypt.
And it's a massive, sprawling
area of tombs, of mastabas,
of pyramids, and other
much stranger structures.
>> And when it comes to
trying to understand Saqqara,
it's very, very confusing
and disorienting
because there's so much
going on underground.
That's what's so bizarre
about this place.
Some people have
suggested that there's
some kind of magic there,
some kind of power that's
in the land.
So we've got this
real mystical world
going on beneath the surface.
>> As of 2020, only about 1% of
the known archeological field
has been excavated in Saqqara.
And this is what makes so much
of the mystery so fascinating
for this generation
and future generations.
For so many people,
young people,
the idea is that everything
has already been found,
everything's already
been excavated.
That is not the
case with Saqqara.
We have generations of
mystery and exploration
that lie ahead of us.
>> The step pyramid of Djoser,
referred to by most scholars
as being the first
Egyptian pyramid,
is the most famous
monument in this region.
According to
mainstream, this pyramid
was built for Djoser, an
Egyptian pharaoh and first king
of the Third Dynasty.
The purpose and influence
of this stairway to heaven
has many more
questions than answers.
>> If Saqqara truly dates to
the time that we believe that it
dates, between 12,000 and
13,000 years before present,
as part of the Giza complex, the
Djoser pyramid probably was not
built at the same time.
It came later.
The pyramid is not
in its original form.
It is believed that the outer
casing has been stripped away,
and what we're
looking at was never
meant to be seen
by the naked eye.
The six levels of the
stonework that we see now
was never meant to be seen.
>> When we look at
the step pyramid,
not only is it iconic because
of the steps that it has,
but beneath it is an even bigger
mystery because to start off
with a massive, gigantic area
was cut out of the bedrock,
going down hundreds of feet,
and into this was placed a huge
sarcophagus chamber.
And of course, within this,
the sarcophagus of Djoser
was contained.
But leading away from this
massive sarcophagus chamber
were a series of
tunnels that went off
towards the West, the
East, and the South.
And these went on for
many hundreds of yards.
And when they were explored, it
was found that they contained
arguably as many as has 40,000
bowls and jars that were
beautifully worked
in hard stone.
Many of these jars were
from the Predynastic Period,
so that's beyond 3,000 BC.
What the hell are
they doing there?
What was 40,000 jars and
bowls doing in these tunnels?
>> When you're looking at
the step pyramid at Saqqara,
which was built by Imhotep,
the son of Ptah, for his king,
Djoser, you're looking at a
legacy that points directly
to Sirius.
Because as the son
of Ptah, Imhotep,
is considered the first
polymath on Earth,
he's the Da Vinci of his time.
>> Imhotep was skilled in
architecture, philosophy,
and medicine.
He was also a student of Thoth.
We know him better as
Asclepius, the God of medicine,
holding his rod of
Asclepius, which
we see as a common symbol for
medicine and healing arts.
>> Asclepius was known
as a great healer.
And in fact in
mythology, where Orion
was stung by a
scorpion at his foot,
he experienced something that
took him to the brink of death.
In fact, one would say,
and many of the stories,
that actually he died.
But he was saved by
Asclepius and his rod,
the Rod of Asclepius being the
same as the caduceus symbol,
sometimes depicted
with only one snake.
Asclepius today would be
referenced as the constellation
Ophiuchus.
>> Imhotep was an initiate
of the mystery tradition,
especially the hermetic wisdom,
the tradition that extends all
the way back to the Egyptian God
Thoth, which brought in alchemy,
which brought in
study of the stars,
which brought in understanding
of alignments with the cardinal
directions, the magnetics,
how to harness it.
All of this wisdoms, ancient
wisdom, both alchemical wisdom
as well as architectural wisdom,
was brought through that mystery
school tradition into Imhotep.
>> All of that comes
together at Djoser's pyramid.
When you're standing
before it, on the outside,
you're looking at the step
pyramid, the stairway to heaven.
Then when you're privileged
to go into it as we can today,
and you drop down 90 feet down
this shaft, drilled exactly
into the center of the pyramid,
and there you see his granite
sarcophagus, you
realize that you're
dealing with a multifaceted
device or technology.
This is all working together.
And you recognize that this has
extraterrestrial connections
as well.
This was imported to Earth, and
this is the start in the modern
era, just 5,700 years ago,
of the reinvigoration of this
knowledge that came
from the stars.
>> Roughly 1 mile Northwest
of Djoser's pyramid,
a network of subterranean
chambers known as the Serapeum
defies all understanding.
>> When we go into Saqqara in a
very unassuming staircase that
leads underground, what we find
is something that looks like it
comes from a science
fiction Hollywood movie.
It is a high tech corridor with
a series of chambers offset
as we walk along this highly
polished limestone and granite
structure.
The ceilings are high, the
stonework is perfection.
>> The Serapeum are underground
galleries in Saqqara.
An underground-- I
mean, gigantic tunnels.
They are maybe a
large 2.5 meters.
And right and left
of these tunnels
are niches, and in every
niche is a sarcophagus.
And this sarcophagus
is gigantic.
Only the lid has a
weight of 20 to 40 tons.
Only the lid.
And the sarcophagus itself
has a weight of 60 to 80 tons.
>> When we come to the
Serapeum near Saqqara,
we find a place of
just immense mystery,
more than perhaps most
can even contemplate.
Discovered in 1851 by the
Frenchman Auguste Mariette,
he was in the Cairo area looking
for early Christian manuscripts
on behalf of the Louvre.
He's told a legend
by the local Bedouins
of this Avenue of
sphinxes that leads
to this subterranean complex.
He goes over to Saqqara.
He finds the head of a Sphinx.
Then he finds
another and another.
And he follows the trail,
digs down 30, 60 feet,
and enters into this gallery,
where he finds these 24 granite
boxes all lined up in a row
in individual galleries.
He sees salt calcified on
the walls as he enters,
and he's confused by all this.
He's told the legend
that these are sarcophagi
for the sacred Apis bulls.
And he must have had
the same reaction
that a contemporary visitor
to the Serapeum has.
That doesn't make any sense.
This doesn't add up.
These are massive boxes that
are so perfectly constructed
that it's a way
over the top misfit
to say that this is the
sarcophagi for the sacred Apis
bull.
So what are these boxes?
What are these coffers?
>> In 2001, I gained
permission from Zahi Hawass,
who was the director of the
Giza Plateau at that time.
We went down to Saqqara
and to a mysterious place
called the Serapeum.
I had a flashlight with me.
I had a square that was
calibrated to within 50
millionths of an inch,
a straight edge that was
calibrated to within
1/10,000th of an inch,
and it was inches long.
I went inside this one box that
had the corner blown off of it,
and I put the square on
the underside of the lid.
Then I went to the opposite
side, did the same thing.
With those two
photographs, what you see
is flat surfaces,
reflection of my hand
and the gauges with
no aberrations.
And the condition
that exists there
is that you have two
vertical surfaces
opposite each other that
are perfectly parallel.
I don't think people really
understand what it takes to do,
to perform that kind of work and
achieve those kind of results.
I have been through
the place since then
with engineers,
with craftspeople,
and everybody is absolutely
blown away and amazed at it.
And they know that
these artifacts
are a smoking gun from a
very advanced civilization.
>> When we look at
the sarcophagus,
what we find is that these are
not made of the red granite that
we see in Aswan, because the
granite is made of three primary
minerals-- quartz,
feldspar, and mica.
In the case of Aswan
granite, we have rose quartz
and we have a pink feldspar.
This is not the case.
In Saqqara, what we find is
something called black granite.
And this is fascinating
to me because it
is a lower quartz,
it's only about 20%
quartz rather than the
84% that we find in Aswan.
Lower quartz granite, high,
high percentage of biotite mica.
Geologically, what
does this tell us?
The mica itself, the biotite,
is a powerful insulator.
Whatever was happening
inside of that sarcophagus,
these devices were built to
contain whatever was happening,
to contain the energy, to
protect whatever was happening
inside, and also to protect
whatever was happening inside
from an external environment.
>> These structures were so
large, these granite sarcophagi,
so large it would be impossibly
difficult to get them
into the structure.
We also see the
remnants of what looks
like there was a
calamity or a mistake,
because one of the sarcophagi
was left near the entrance
and abandoned.
We don't know why.
It's as if they took it in, or
were trying to rapidly take it
out right before a
cataclysm, and they just
left it right in the
center of the entryway.
The enigma of this place
and the energy that
comes off of these
particular sarcophagi
is beyond description.
It's not stranger
than we imagined.
It's stranger, frankly,
than can be imagined.
>> The question had
always been, well, why?
What were they doing?
What were they using
these boxes for?
And why are they--
why are they so precise?
Obviously, for the expense that
it would take to create them,
they had to be
extremely important.
Those kind of tolerances
and precisions
are not crafted into a
product for no reason at all.
There is a very specific
and precise reason for it.
>> As the mysteries
mount in Saqqara,
recent experiments raise new
questions about this region
of the necropolis.
Inspired by Kirlian
photography, Bio-Well
is a gas discharge
visualization device
with a special sensor that reads
the energies of the quantum
field and helps alternative
researchers understand
how this field reacts in and
around humans and monuments.
>> We came to Saqqara area,
and when I started doing
measurements, I came to
understanding it is very,
very special place.
I've done measurements
nearby Djoser pyramid,
and we were able to come
inside Djoser pyramid,
and then did measurements
inside as well.
Energy was very high.
Then of course,
inside Djoser pyramid,
you have big area, empty
area, very high and deep
on the ground, about 40, 35, 40.
And there, at the bottom,
we have a huge cube.
It's not a tomb.
And you can go down there.
Energy there was very high.
So at the top, some
level of energy.
But when you go down,
it's much higher.
So it is absolutely clear
that it is something special.
And even more than that,
they have Serapeum.
They have 24 granite boxes.
Our device, we have
little Bio-Well mini.
It operates on Bluetooth
through a mobile phone
and it works very well.
I did many, many
measurements around.
When we came to Serapeum, I
was trying to do measurements,
impossible.
No Bluetooth signal.
So device shows it is Bluetooth
connected, on the phone,
I don't see a connection.
So it means that it was some
electromagnetic field that
totally suppressed this
Bluetooth connection.
We know this very
well in our technology
because all military sites and
governmental sites, they use it.
Why in this underground tunnel
with these gradient boxes,
they have this
electromagnetic field?
Why?
We think that all these
pyramids, this Serapeum,
all these shafts, it was
the type of communication
technology.
And it was designed to
communicate with maybe
some other civilizations.
Because all this indicates
us that these pyramids
and other subjects was
created by some high, very
high technology.
>> Millions of people visit
the step pyramid at Saqqara.
They visit the Giza Plateau.
But most don't have a
fundamental understanding
of what they're
looking at in terms
of the purpose of
these pyramids.
Nor do they appreciate what
is going on underground.
We know for an absolute
fact that 8 miles of tunnels
fan out from the step
pyramid at Saqqara,
from the stairway to heaven.
We have photos of the galleries.
These are all painted.
And there were
storerooms where there
was treasure for Djoser
and other Kings as well.
The entire Giza
plateau is believed
to be honeycombed
with these tunnels.
We've actually found them today.
We don't know how deep they go.
In other words, how many
levels deep they go,
or how far they fan out.
This is a closely
guarded secret in Egypt.
Even today, it's off limits
to the general public
because it raises
these questions.
If what we're seeing
on the surface
is only a fraction of what
actually the entire complex must
have been, what
exactly is going on
underneath the Giza
plateau, underneath Saqqara,
underneath Abusir?
All these other
locations most clearly
connect with one another.
>> Everything that we see
under Saqqara is actually part
of the Giza Plateau.
It's about 22 miles away.
4,000 square acres is
what we're looking at.
It's a huge, it's
a massive place.
But rather than thinking of
it as separate from Giza,
if we can think of this as a
continuous subterranean complex,
now it begins to make sense.
From an archeological
perspective,
it looks like we are
viewing one massive complex.
>> There's a whole connection
between these pyramids.
Some people have suggested
there's underground networks
associated with them.
We certainly have that at the
Giza Plateau and at Saqqara,
for instance.
Some people have
suggested there's
some kind of energy
source that's
being manipulated along
this length of pyramids
going all the way down
South, and the energy is then
bought up, and the
pyramids are then
used as these kind
of power plants,
according to authors like
Chris Dunn and others.
And so there's something
really profound about this
because there's even the
work of John Burke, who
believes that they were
using certain materials
and certain locations in the
geology and the magnetism
of the Earth to
actually release iron
so you have this
fertilizing presence,
this movement across
this particular alignment
of pyramids.
And this has been
scientifically-tested
as well, so there's
definitely something in this.
>> Nikola Tesla was very
fascinated with the ancient
Egyptian pyramids, and he felt
that they were more than just
places of ceremony
or sacred burials.
He believed that these
pyramids were energy devices.
He saw the whole
Earth as a generator
of this great magnetic field.
And the core of the Earth
was where the generator
was, within the magma.
And he felt that
there was something
about both the construction
of the pyramids
and their pyramidal shape,
the triangular shape,
creating a cone, creating a way
of directing the energy that
came up from the Earth,
and then amplifying it
somehow through the, maybe
through the quartz that's
in the stone that was used.
And he felt that you could have
wireless transmission of energy.
And this inspired
his Tesla towers.
And he made them somewhat
pyramidal in shape
and felt that if we can
harness the natural energy
between the Earth
and the ionosphere,
that we can generate electricity
and then wirelessly transmit it
from one place to another place.
>> As the underworld of the
Memphite Necropolis is slowly
revealed, there is little doubt
that the pyramids along the West
Bank of the Nile were using the
properties of specific stones
to enhance their
function and design.
But the question remains,
was the purpose strictly
for energetic production?
Or was this spiritual
transformation technology
left to us from our
pre-diluvian ancestors?
As with most ancient mysteries
in Egypt, the search for clues
returns to Giza, to
discover the strongest
evidence of ancient
energetic production.
Inspired by the work
of Nikola Tesla,
the 1998 release of
The Giza Power Plant
used an engineering perspective
of the Great Pyramid of Giza
to explain how this mysterious
monument could function
as a free energy device.
>> I came to the conclusion
and presented evidence that all
the features inside the Great
Pyramid support the idea that it
functioned as a power plant, and
it was used to draw vibrations
from the Earth and convert those
vibrations to electromagnetic
energy, and then convey that
energy to the outside via
the shafts of the
king's chamber.
The most important
aspect in my new book,
Giza: The Tesla Connection,
is the discovery
by NASA physicist Dr.
Friedemann Freund,
who discovered the physics
behind earthquake lights.
And the collection of
evidence that he gathered
shows that there is a process
that happens in the lithosphere,
in the igneous rock, where
when the rock is stressed,
it releases electrons
that shoot to the surface
to the highest point in
the surrounding area.
That really expanded the
whole power plant theory,
considering that the Great
Pyramid is on a high plateau,
and it certainly is the
highest point on the surface,
and that if you could stimulate
rocks underneath the Earth
to release electrons,
the lithosphere is
like a huge battery.
And it's like 100
kilometers thick, though.
So you have a huge
potential battery,
where all you have to do is
shake the electrons loose
and they will come
rushing to the surface.
So basically, my
concept, originally, it
was a power plant,
but now I describe it
as an electron harvester
because what you are doing
is you're harvesting electrons
from the lithosphere.
And the other part to that
is that the stimulation
of the release of electrons
in the lithosphere
can't be limited to
just one pyramid.
So it has to serve
all the pyramids.
>> As the shroud over this
vast tunnel system beneath
the pyramid field is lifted,
what other relics will be
brought to the surface to help
alternative researchers connect
the pieces of this ancient
puzzle and challenge
the mainstream theories
around the predynastic power
and purpose of this
mysterious necropolis?
>> The more we keep digging,
the more we entertain different
ideas and use our imaginations.
We can arrive at the
truth, because just
to say right now
that we know all
that there is to know about
the life on this planet
in prehistory is a crime.
I think the young
people today have
been energized by
a new understanding
of their ancient ancestors.
They will continue
to rewrite history
because I think that's
what we need to do.
We can't be stuck
in the past and not
be willing to rewrite history.
Everything belongs to
the future right now.
[THEME MUSIC]